[NET-8091] Add file-system-certificate config entry for API gateway (#20873)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/20873.txt

```release-note:feature

> gateways: api-gateway can now use the new file-system-certificate configuration entry to reference a certificate and private key that are available in the local file system of the gateway.

Author: @jkirschner-hashicorp thoughts on this changelog entry?

Reviewer: Alternative to consider

```suggestion
gateways: api-gateway can leverage listener TLS certificates available on the gateway's local filesystem by specifying the public certificate and private key path in the new file-system-certificate configuration entry
```
